what's up guys spot about here we got
clash of clans single player number 34
this is chimp in armor and we have the
these two air defenses that we really
have to worry about so we're going to
send in to wall breakers one on either
side and you just send it in those
obviously those mortars aren't quick
enough to fire on the wall breaker
before he explodes and destroys the
walls and then we're going to spam some
barbarians in here to take out those air
defenses now you have to you have to
spam a fair bit because you have the two
wizard towers and you might get hit by
the mortars now if you really want to
sort of do this a little bit better
bring in a couple of barbarians like
further out just one on each side have
the mortar fire before you bring in your
other group of barbarians so then we
bring in a balloon on either side
unfortunately the balloon on the right
hand side didn't go directly to the
wizard tower but he's still you know the
wizard tower isn't really upgrade a
thing I don't know what level it is it's
a lower level wizard tower so it really
wasn't an issue it didn't take the
balloon down before it was able to go in
and take down the wizard tower alright
so two balloons to wall breakers and two
groups of barbarians and we're still at
30,000 gold and 30,000 elixir for chimp
and armor here so I think we ended up
spending we probably spent close to
20,000 elixir so you know it all depends
as we go further in the the return
scales right so we have a bunch of maps
that are thirty thousand thirty thousand
before we had 20,000 and it's going to
jump up I think in a couple of maps to
50,000 so I think as you progress
further within that grouping of whatever
it is three or four maps or single
player missions that are 30,000 gold and
30,000 elixir they obviously get started
getting a little bit more difficult and
we're starting to get a little bit more
strategic here in some of the at least
in the next map about what we're doing
and timing etc and you know like i like
i mentioned when we broke the walls
or sending in that group of barbarians
it might have been a good idea just to
send in like one barbarian sort of
further towards the right hand side on
either side take the the the brunt of
the at least the first mortar shell and
then send in the group like basically
almost immediately you bring in the two
barbarians and then almost immediately
because the mortars will fire on them
immediately bring in the groups of
barbarians and at least they won't take
the mortar fire you only have to worry
about the wizard tower at least at first
all right so that's it guys will catch
you tomorrow spider out